Yes the console of the 37 50 switch show.
MAC address table some MAC addresses are listed in the table
what I'll do now is ping from wrote a one to Robert to show IP interface brief Rado one has this IP
address and write it to has this IP address which we can see on the console of right a T so there's
the IP address of wrought a T
right one is once again able to ping Robert it too.
So when we look at the MAC address table off switch one previously we only had those three MAC addresses
in the table but now notice we have this MAC address as well as this MAC address in the table I have
configured the MAC address of rudder one as follows some using a Cisco vendor code MAC address and to
make it simple I've specified the MAC address of write a one as follows on router 2 I've done something
similar so MAC address is the Cisco vendor code zeros and a two so at this point the first thirty seven
fifty switch has learnt about the MAC addresses of router one and wrote a 2 to keep things simple I
haven't configured any villains all devices on VLAN 1 Let's capture traffic in why shock on our P.C.
so it's currently receiving some traffic but let's do a ping from router 1 to write it to once again
and I'll filter for ICMP traffic in the output here you can see that the PCI is not receiving any ICMP
traffic from router 1 2 write of 2 and in the same way if routed to pings write a one no ICMP traffic
is shown on the capturing P.C. but if out of one pings this window's P.C. which has an IP address of
ten dot wondered one to triple to
notice we see the ICMP packets so why shock is able to capture traffic from 10 1 1 1 going to 10 1 1
2 2 2 so the piece is not able to capture unique cost traffic st from road a 1 2 Road 2 What about multicast
traffic in this example you can see that the ICMP traffic was received to the multicast address so wrought
a one with IP address tendered wandered wandered one is sending traffic to the multicast address 239
wandered wandered one
you can see as an example that the source MAC addresses rather one destination MAC address is 0 1 0
0 5 v which is the multicast MAC address in IP version four.
As you can see over there what about a broadcast of Ping tendered one that one the 255 and I'll just
repeat this once as you can see here broadcast traffic is being received by the P.C..
So in other words unique cause traffic is sent from Rada 1 to the capturing device is forwarded out
of this port and that's based on the Mac address
shown here as learnt by the 30 750 switch on this P.C.
on have changed
the MAC address in Windows
to use a bunch of zeros and a one.
So the MAC address is
eleven zeros followed by one and that was learnt by the switch on Fost Ethan at 1 0 5 as shown over
here so unique caused traffic gets forwarded to the P.C. multicast traffic gets forwarded to the P.C.
and that's because multicast MAC addresses are not added to the MAC address table in the same way that
a unique cast of MAC addresses are broadcast traffic is also forwarded to the P.C. So to summarize
I'll restart the Y shock capture unique concert traffic sent from Rhonda want to write it to is not
received by the capturing device multicast traffic is received broadcast traffic is received if we want
to capture traffic from Rada want to write it to for troubleshooting as an example we would need to
enable span on this port or merging to use the other term so that traffic sent and received on this
port or this port or on VLAN 1.
In this example is forwarded out of this port so that the capturing device can see the traffic as another
example.
If we telnet from router one to write a 2 and log in the capturing device does not see the Telnet traffic
so we can't see the session from rudder one to write it to.
And that's because the switch is doing what it's supposed to do it's forwarding traffic from this interface
to this interface and not sending it out of unnecessary reports.
So now let's configure span so that the capturing device can see the unit cost traffic.